Why did you bring me here?
And you know what?
I was raised an orphan.
It's a temporary subsidy for my studies
Sent me to study abroad
I study so hard
I just hope to become excellent one day
Can get into his eyes
Mr. Jiang's temporary aunt
She knows you're a good boy
But she still doesn't want me.
I'm afraid I'll be left abroad alone
Poetry.
Why don't you want me anymore Shishi
Mr. Jiang, you have the wrong person
I'm not Lin Shi
I think
Aunt Lin Shi, he just wants you to study abroad
Come back and inherit the Lin Group
poetry
I miss you.
I still want to eat the egg fried rice you made for me
But you're gone.
You bit me again!
It's a dog
If you bite me again, I will never make egg fried rice for you again.
No you don't leave me try
Please stay by my side, okay?
Do you want to tell him I'm just getting wet?
Jiang Yu
In fact, he didn't die when he got wet
The little kid is still as cute as he was when he was a kid
The boss, Miss Chen Chenling, was rescued by Mr. Jiang
What!
So what?
You go to someone and find some pictures
Change Chen Ling's face
Ah, educating the children.
Paranoid since childhood
Possessive.
Seeing photos of Chen Ling
Even if it's not true
I'm afraid I won't tolerate it again in the future